Update AsyncGuidance.md (#91)
davidfowl/AspNetCoreDiagnosticScenarios: AsyncGuidance.md

:bulb:**NOTE: There are performance considerations when using an async state machine over directly returning the `Task`. It's always faster to directly return the `Task` since it does less work but you end up changing the behavior and potentially losing some of the benefits of the async state machine.**

## AsyncLocal\<T\>

> Async locals are a way to store/retrieve ambient state throughout an application. This can be a *very* useful alternative to flowing explicit state everywhere, especially through call sites that you do not have much control over. While it is powerful it is also dangerous if used incorrectly. Async locals are attached to the execution context, which flows *everywhere implicitly* by default. Disabling execution context flow requires use of advanced APIs (typically prefixed with the Unsafe name). As such, there's very little control over what will attempt to access these values. 

Author: ```suggestion
Async locals are a way to store/retrieve ambient state throughout an application. This can be a *very* useful alternative to flowing explicit state everywhere, especially through call sites that you do not have much control over. While it is powerful, it is also dangerous if used incorrectly. Async locals are attached to the execution context which flows *everywhere implicitly*. Disabling execution context flow requires use of advanced APIs (typically prefixed with the Unsafe name). As such, there's very little control over what code will attempt to access these values. 
```

> If you can avoid async locals, do so, explicitly passing state around or using techniques like inversion of control might be better alternatives to flowing state around an application.

Author: ```suggestion
If you can avoid async locals, do so by explicitly passing state around or using techniques like inversion of control.
```

If you cannot avoid it, it's best to make sure that anything put into an async local is:

1. Not disposable
2. Immutable/read only/thread safe

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

    private bool _disposed;

    public static DisposableThing? Current
    {
        get => _current.Value?.Value;
        set
        {
            var box = _current.Value;
            if (box is not null)
            {
                // Mutate the value in any execution context that was copied
                box.Value = null;
            }

            if (value is not null)
            {
                _current.Value = new StrongBox<DisposableThing?>(value);
            }
        }
    }

    public int Value
    {
        get
        {
            if (_disposed) throw new ObjectDisposedException(GetType().FullName);
            return 1;
        }
    }

    public void Dispose()
    {
        _disposed = true;
    }
}
```

This will have the desired effect and will set the value to null in any execution context that references this async local value.

```C#
DisposableThing.Current = new DisposableThing();

Console.WriteLine("After setting thing " + ExecutionContext.Capture().GetHashCode());

DisposableThing.Current = null;

Console.WriteLine("After setting Current to null " + ExecutionContext.Capture().GetHashCode());
```

> ⚠️ While this looks attractive, the reference to Current might have still been captured before the value was set to null:

Author: ```suggestion
⚠️ While this looks attractive, the reference to `DisposableThing.Current` might have still been captured before the value was set to null:
```

```C#
void Dispatch()
{
    // Task.Run will capture the current execution context (which means async locals are captured in the callback)
    _ = Task.Run(async () =>
    {
        // Get the current reference
        var current = DisposableThing.Current;

        // Delay for a second then log
        await Task.Delay(1000);

        Log(current);
    });
}

void Log(DisposableThing thing)
{
    try
    {
        Console.WriteLine($"Logging ambient value {thing.Value}");
    }
    catch (Exception ex)
    {
        Console.WriteLine(ex);
    }
}
```

> There's a race condition between the capture of the `DisposableThing`, the disposal of `DisposableThing` and setting `DisposableThing.Current` it to null. In the end, the code is unreliable and may fail at random.

Author: ```suggestion
There's a race condition between the capture of the `DisposableThing`, the disposal of `DisposableThing` and setting `DisposableThing.Current` it to null. In the end, the code is unreliable and may fail at random. Don't store disposable objects in async locals.
```
